hey what up guys stop here the NBA every
day happy holidays guys I'm hoping
you're having a really really great day
but anyways NBA prediction video first
game first dairy let's see what happens
new york knicks vs. the boston celtics
all right so these two teams battled it
out in the playoffs these two teams are
great teams that they definitely have a
chance of even going to the Conference
Finals but anyways that's regardless
who's gonna win tomorrow the winner is
going to be the new york knicks in my
opinion why paul pierce is not playing
they're a little bit older the celtics
of course the new york knicks are young
they have Baron Davis they have Carmelo
Anthony Landry Fields Tyson Chandler
Amar'e Stoudemire this team is stacked
this team is ready to go all the way now
the Boston Celtics might be old but
they're still coached very well they
have a great future rajon rondo is crazy
in passing this season Ray Allen and so
Ray Allen Kevin Garnett is going to do
his thing but honestly tomorrow it's
going to be vengeance with the new york
knicks they're going to show what they
got and they're going to win tomorrow
that is my opinion who do you guys think
is going to win the first game now this
is probably going to be the biggest
match of the day the miami heat vs the
dallas mavericks we watch the finals we
all know what happened and right now one
word vengeance miami heat is going to
win this game Dallas Mavericks is a
great team but yes miami heat is going
to win why because there are LeBron
James has been practicing all summer
he's been participating in summer games
he's been doing all of that I did not
see one maverick player do that LeBron
James has a brand new model this year he
is ready to play and he's honestly an
MVP contender Dwyane Wade is still gonna
get his 28 points a game they do have
eddy curry now and honestly miami heat
is playing with vengeance dallas
mavericks are going to come into this
game really confident but honestly right
now the Miami Heat are young and they
are literally ready to do something
right now you guys are going to be
shocked with the Miami you can do right
now I'm a Bulls fan all right so don't
be saying I'm biased or anything I'm a
Bulls fan they look what they did to the
balls all right yes Miami will one
tomorrow speaking about the balls I
honestly think that the Bulls will win
tomorrow why Kobe Bryant has a
injury he's my favorite player right now
Kobe Bryant's my favorite player he's
going to do well tomorrow he injuries
are nothing for him but look at this
they gave away Shannon Brown they gave
away Lamar Odom they have pilots all
playing and look at this Andrew Bynum is
not playing okay honestly I love you as
Laker fans but seriously we gotta be
realistic I'm a lakers fan I love the
lakers but dick it's impossible for them
to win unless unless unless Colby
literally puts the team on his back
tomorrow it's possible it's been done
before he's 33 years old but anything
can happen but most likely the Bulls
with Derrick Rose Rip Hamilton Carlos
Boozer joking Noah Luol Deng honestly
believe that there's the team who's
going to win they did win last year and
I honestly believe that they will learn
tomorrow but you never know guys you
just never know look right now I'm gonna
go with the Bulls winning Game one so
right now I got the Celtics losing the
miami heat winning and the Bulls winning
all right now we're going to be talking
about the thunder game all right so now
it's going to be thunder verse the
Orlando Magic who's going to be winning
this game I honestly believe with all my
heart it's going to be the Thunder I
listen to this ok Orlando preseason
games they won one they lost one how did
why Howard do 36 minutes nine points
that's nothing nine-point something like
that he just did not do well the second
game he did all right but seriously he
did not do but Dwight Howard can
normally do now I'm not saying he's
gonna do bad to mouth but I honestly
leave he wants to get training we all
know he wants to get traded and until he
gets traded he's not gonna play to the
potential that he can especially with
this age he's a really young player and
he has a great future I believe the
Thunder are going to win Kevin Durant is
an amazing shooter Russell Westbrook
literally knows his role this year he's
going to stop shooting a lot is in start
gaming the ball to of course Kevin
Durant it's going to be a great game no
doubt but Kevin Durant and the Thunder
are going to go up top I honestly
believe that this leaves us with the
Clippers and the Golden State Warriors i
believe the Golden State Warriors are
gonna lose to the Clippers and I
honestly believe is gonna be a really
really close in on the clippers or a
brand new team the Golden State words or
not they had the same team as last year
and they really have some chemistry it's
going to be a close game but I'm going
to go with a gut feeling and safe the
Clippers are going to win they did
amazing appreciation guys it's going to
be a good game let me know what you guys
think
thank you the env everyday have it going